important to make a plan of attack and make as much reusable as possible

look at the figma/design and look for the possible similarities

css reset to make browser differences redundant

webkit text size adjust - an old mobile feature that switches up font size if someone is viewing your webist in landscape
on mobile

text wrap pretty, stops orphan words from paragraphs

you can explicitly declare layers in css, by doing @layer name1, name2, name3...

specificity and inheritance

naming colours, start with a clr(colour) ff- font family fs-font size => then the name, 

avoid using pixels for font sizes, he recommends to use REM instead. This is because em or rem, will map itself to user
preferences

custom properties are the same as css variables. Kev said, yeah its a lot of work setting these up, but for the bigger picture, its a good thing, so its important to plan it out and implement it in the project

do as much with base styles to avoid writing more css later someone

base styles are the one that set the stage for the rest of the project

he thinks a lot about accessibility, 

links that just say things like "Learn more", are not useful. so what he does is add a visually hidden span in the html for the link, which has text explaining what that link does

there is a bigger focus on accessibility than i thought there would be, it makes sense and is satisfying to do so.

i dont need to rememeber the class for a11y, a common name for the class that we called visually hidden in this is sr-only. easy google to find this again.

as much as possible i should be taking a higher level view of the project, really focus on what will be repeatable, and plan that out.


wrappers are used for minimising the maxium width the content can reach.

in a project you will have different widths of containers, this is where you would use modifier classes and then use them like class="wrapper wrapper--narrow".

these modifier classes will have a name to show they are linked but will override the max width of the class.

rem is good when getting scaling issues, but worth checking if getting issues.

kevin says for something simple its okay to sometimes use "box sizing content box" for matching widths with figma designs, to avoid the confusion with padding seeming like 
containers are narrower than they are on the figma. Sometimes however it is good to use the calc function for that.

the advantage to using something like data attributes for modifier classes, is that you can utilise nesting in css, which can encapsulate some common styles into the same area.
